[DNS] Create partial on mixed proxy statuses (#8259)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/dns/_partials/_mix-proxied-and-unproxied.md

---
_build:
  publishResources: false
  render: never
  list: never
---

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

> Note that if you have multiple `A/AAAA` records on the same name and at least one of them is proxied, Cloudflare will respond queries with the proxied address and the unproxied record will not be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you have multiple `A/AAAA` records on the same name and at least one of them is proxied, Cloudflare will respond  to the query with the proxied address and the unproxied record will not be returned.
```

Author: Thank you for that! I actually ended up getting a feedback from the DNS team and thought it was better to adjust that whole part.
